Below I will describe all the burning issues that concern everyone who is going to such an enterprise.
1) A bank employee is watching online cameras, do I get fucked?
Someone is not looking at you in these cameras, they are all being written online; no one is following them, just imagine how many branches there are at the bank, and what do you think they will look at each one and wait for people like you?
You don’t give up on anyone. You must understand that banks regard the theft of money at an ATM as a "cost". For them it’s a penny. So paint over these cameras with a bottle of paint and immediately fuck this ATM, I stood there for an hour without going anywhere at all, and what do you think someone came for me?

2) Do I need to carry a laptop / computer to the ATM?
- No. Connection to an ATM is using a hub. Further, a keyboard is connected to your hub (the size is slightly larger than a palm) and a flash with software.

3) There is an antivirus on the ATM, it will block the launch of the flash card with software.
Well, there is a complete solution to this problem. Disabling antivirus. This issue is described in more detail in the manual that is attached below, using Kasp # rsk # as an example.
4) When unloading money from ATM, does the signal go to the central office?
- No, this software is not a virus, the software uses the native ATM library, deciding for the bank whether the ATM needs to receive the requested amount, nothing comes to the bank at all, they can learn about the theft only by counting the failure of banknotes in ATM cassettes WHEN IT WILL BE OPEN IN PLACE.

5) What ATMs does the software work with?
The software works with many ATM brands as everyone has the same operating system
Windovs XP, but the problem is that on the Internet at the moment you can find manuals only
for ATMs wincor 1500xe, wincor 2000xe, wincor 2050xe. So, we did just that in due time, and worked with these ATM models, I advise you to do this.

6) Software is not relevant, now banks are slowly starting to close usb ports with plastic shades
- At the moment, someone from the banks is trying to counteract the software, someone is not. In different regions in different ways. The opposition is as you understood in closing usb ports. With the ATMs we work with, this is wincor 1500xe, 2000xe, 2050xe - the device of each individual ATM is different. And banks work with them in different ways, but most often they block access to usb ports with a plastic shade, which physically interferes with getting to the ports, but there is a simple solution to this problem, taking a gas burner with you and burning a plastic lamp with it, thereby giving yourself the opportunity to bypass the closed usb ports in a safe and easy way. At the same time, no alarm will work in ATM, because the sensor on
there is no temperature in it.
I will add two Doc file with all the details you need

1 - https://docdro.id/7mSE6UU
2 - https://docdro.id/iAs0Cb9

Good Luck
